USF-1132: Storefront Implementation Guide (#73)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/troubleshooting/faq.mdx

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
description: Find answers to common questions about Edge Delivery Services for Adobe Commerce storefronts.
tableOfContents:
  maxHeadingLevel: 2
---

## Where can I find technical documentation?

* [Storefront dropins](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/)
* [Catalog Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-merchant-services/catalog-service/guide-overview)
* [Live Search](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-merchant-services/live-search/overview)
* [[AEM Gems] Building Storefronts on Edge Delivery Services with Adobe Commerce](https://experienceleaguecommunities.adobe.com/t5/adobe-experience-manager/aem-gems-building-storefronts-on-edge-delivery-services-with/m-p/652692)
* [[AdaptTo] Build Super Fast Storefront Experiences with Edge Delivery Services and Adobe Commerce](https://adapt.to/2023/schedule/build-super-fast-storefront-experiences-with-edge-delivery-services-and-adobe-commerce)
* [[Summit 2024] Commerce Lab Workbook](https://bit.ly/L445-workbook)

## What should I do if my Catalog Service/Live Search data is missing or corrupted?

> Submit a request to Adobe Commerce Support to clear your data space. This deletes all data within Catalog Service/Live Search for a specific environment ID. Be careful not to lear any data space required for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a request to Adobe Commerce Support to clear your data space. This deletes all data within Catalog Service/Live Search for a specific environment ID. Be careful not to clear any data space required for production.
```

* Start GraphQL queries early (for example, in eager phase)

### Preloading

* Frequently used `commerce.js` and `configs.js` files can be loaded early by adding them to the `head.html` file.
* Remove waterfall loading of files. If you know in advance which files are required, load them early or combine them to load fewer files.
* You can preload resources/queries in the eager phase of the `scripts.js` file if they are very heavy. You can use global promises or a link tag with preload attribute in the head to prevent downloading the same resource multiple times.

### Loading order

* Everything that is not relevant for LCP can be loaded progressively (dynamic imports) or delayed (`delayed.js`).
* LCP relevant blocks (for example, product details, product list page) must be loaded in the eager phase. This means that they need to be the first block on the page and added to the `LCP_BLOCKS` array.
* Only load elements that are required. Elements that are not immediately required should be separated and loaded when needed.
  * **Example 1:** Logic for newsletter sign-up can be loaded when the user clicks on the subscribe button.

>   * **Example 2:** Minicart block is loaded on every page but only loads lightweight code to display button and a number. Only on click of the button, the full minicart block is loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Example 2:** Minicart block is loaded on every page but only loads lightweight code to display button and a number. The full minicart block is loaded only upon a click of the button.
```

### Libraries

Use Preact/HTM or other libraries only when necessary.

### Thid-party integrations

* Prefer APIs over embedding third-party scripts.

> * If you mut embed third-party scripts, try using placeholders to prevent cumulative layout shift (CLS) and load them delayed or when they appear in the viewport (`IntersectionObserver`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you must embed third-party scripts, try using placeholders to prevent cumulative layout shift (CLS). Load them delayed or when they appear in the viewport (`IntersectionObserver`).
```
